4-flexbox-exercises 

We'll complete three parts to this exercise, depending on time.

4A: Create a collections layout section.
4B: Create a layout for the mission section.
4C: Create a footer section.

4A-Instructions

This is the first section of a larger page we'll code over the course of today.

Refer to desktop.png, tablet.png, and mobile.png for the look we want with this page.

In the starting "begin" folder, you'll find HTML and CSS to get you started.

Jen inserted only 6 classes, one per <figure> element, to completely style this document. No additional elements should be necessary to style the page.




4B-Instructions
You're given a logo and text for a mission section of the page. Lay this out in some way across the breakpoints.

I've provided two suggestions -- the suggestion I'll use going forward (using a float and CSS shapes) and an alternative (using Flexbox). There are screenshots for all breakpoints for you to look at.

SUGGESTION:

Logo.png is the standard PNG logo file, cropped closely around the logo itself. This is useful if you put the image in one Flexbox cell and the text in another.

Logo2.png has a wider background. You may want to use this if you'd like to experiment with CSS shapes. For example, make the text follow the diagonal slant of the logo side.

If you take the approach with CSS shapes, you may need to float the image rather than placing it in its own Flexbox cell. Remember to clear your float!



SUGGESTION FOR SHAPES:

a. Visit MDN and copy the shape-outside code for a polygon:
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/shape-outside

shape-outside: polygon(50% 0, 100% 50%, 50% 100%, 0 50%);
        
            
b. Apply that to your image in the CSS and save.

c. Open the page in Firefox (NOT CHROME) and use the devtools to manipulate the points on the shape to where you want them.

d. Copy the finalized shape-outside CSS and paste to your CSS document.



4C-Instructions
Lay out the footer with the markup given. I've given you two SVGs for social media images; feel free to add more if you wish. You may link these to the home pages for the social media sites or to your own pages.

You may need to modify the HTML slightly to make this layout work. 

I've provided screenshots for how I did this.